schema support Chinese (#975)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/9.space-statements/1.create-space.md

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|`IF NOT EXISTS`|Detects if the related graph space exists. If it does not exist, a new one will be created. The graph space existence detection here only compares the graph space name (excluding properties).|

> |`<graph_space_name>`|Uniquely identifies a graph space in a Nebula Graph instance. The name of the graph space is case-sensitive and allows Chinese, letters, numbers, or underlines. When including Chinese or using reserved keywords alone, quote them with backticks. For more informartion, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`<graph_space_name>`|Uniquely identifies a graph space in a Nebula Graph instance. The name of the graph space is case-sensitive and allows Chinese, letters, numbers, or underlines. When using Chinese or reserved keywords, quote them with backticks. For more information, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md).|
```

| Parameter | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | `<new_graph_space_name>` | The name of the graph space that is newly created. The name of the graph space is case-sensitive and allows Chinese, letters, numbers, or underlines. When including Chinese or using reserved keywords alone, quote them with backticks. For more informartion, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md). When a new graph space is created, the schema of the old graph space `<old_graph_space_name>` will be cloned, including its parameters (the number of partitions and replicas, etc.), Tag, Edge type, and native indexes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<new_graph_space_name>` | The name of the graph space that is newly created. The name of the graph space is case-sensitive and allows Chinese, letters, numbers, or underlines. When using Chinese or reserved keywords, quote them with backticks. For more information, see [Keywords and reserved words](../../3.ngql-guide/1.nGQL-overview/keywords-and-reserved-words.md). When a new graph space is created, the schema of the old graph space `<old_graph_space_name>` will be cloned, including its parameters (the number of partitions and replicas, etc.), Tag, Edge type, and native indexes. |
```
